README.md, before:

# 🚀 Daily DSA Challenge

Welcome to my **Daily Coding Challenge**!  
I’m solving **1 LeetCode problem every day** to strengthen my **DSA & Java skills**.  
This repo contains all my solutions, explanations, and progress.

---

## ✅ Goals
- Solve at least **1 problem daily** on LeetCode.
- Learn patterns, optimize solutions, and write clean code.
- Build consistency and improve problem-solving skills.

---

## 📅 Progress Tracker

| Day   | Problem                                                                                  | Solution Link                                                                                      |
|-------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Day 1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                        | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/TwoSum.java)       |
| Day 2 | [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)                          | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/RemoveElement.java)|
| Day 3 | [Span Of Array](https://youtu.be/8erugyv3WDA?si=UT1yyqQUL1gdURJ0)                        | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/SpanOfArray.java)  |
| Day 4 | [Find An Element In The Array](https://youtu.be/awuSQW2F0AM?si=wjRKJfWEzZSDFCoz)          | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/FindElementInArray.java)|
| Day 5 | [BarChart](https://youtu.be/85gIj4eBdBA?si=GKISVpse5eXYivZj)                             | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/BarChart.java)     |
| Day 6 | [Sum Of Two Arrays](https://youtu.be/aSb29e8OoZs?si=CiOuj2Yf8V0d88SM)                    | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/SumOfTwoArrays.java)|
| Day 7 | [Difference Of Two Arrays](https://youtu.be/LQom9iFG1F0?si=2jS2mTwjOmRqa6Ci)             | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/DifferenceOfTwoArrays.java) |
| Day 8 | Revised All Previous Q                                                                   | Revised All Previous Q                                                                             |
| Day 9 | [Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Numbers_With_Even_NumberOfDigits.java) |
| Day 10| [Richest Customer Wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/description) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Richest_Customer_Wealth.java) |
| Day 11| Order Agnostic Binary Search                                                             | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/OrderAgnosticBinarySearch.java) |
| Day 12| [Remove Duplicates From Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArray.java) |
| Day 13| Ceiling Of A Number                                                                      | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/CellingOfANumber.java) |
| Day 14| [Find Smallest Letter Greater Than Target](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-letter-greater-than-target/description) <br> Floor Of A Number | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Smallest_Letter_Greater_Than_target.java) <br> [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/FloorOfANumber.java) |
| Day 15 | [Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/description) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_First_And_Last_Position_Of_Element_In_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 16 | [Find Position in Infinite Sorted Array](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dsa/find-position-element-sorted-array-infinite-numbers/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Finding_No_On_Infinite_Array.java) |
| Day 17 | [Peak Index in a Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Peak_Index_in_Mountain_Array.java) |
| Day 18 | [ Find in Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-in-mountain-array/description) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/FindInMountainArray.java) |
| Day 19 | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Search_In_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 20 | [Rotation Count in a Rotated Sorted array](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dsa/find-rotation-count-rotated-sorted-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Rotation_Count_in_a_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 21 | Search In Rotated Sorted Array With Duplicate Elements | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Search_In_Rotated_Sorted_Array_With_Duplicate_Elements.java) |
| Day 22 | [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Search_Insert_Position.java) |
| Day 23 | [First Bad Version](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/First_Bad_Version.java) |
| Day 24 | [Valid Perfect Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-square/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Valid_Perfect_Square.java) |
| Day 25 | [Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Sqrt_x.java) |
| Day 26 | [Find Peak Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Peak_Element.java) |
| Day 27 | [Count Hills and Valleys in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-hills-and-valleys-in-an-array/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Count_Hill_Valley.java) |
| Day 28 | [Split Array Largest Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-array-largest-sum/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Split_Array_Largest_Sum.java) |
| Day 29 | [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Minimum_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 30 | [Search a 2D Matrix II](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix-ii/description/) | [Soluion](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/BinarySearchIn2DArray/A_RowWiseAndColumnWiseSortedArray.java) |
| Day 31 | [Search a 2D Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/BinarySearchIn2DArray/B_SearchInASortedMatrix.java) |
| Day 32 | [BubbleSort,Selection Sort,Insertion Sort] | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/tree/main/Sorting) |
| Day 33 | [Cyclic Sort] | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Sorting/D_Cyclic_Sort.java) |
| Day 34 | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Sorting/D1_Missing_Number.java) |
                  
---

## 💻 Tech Stack
- **Language:** Java
- **Platform:** LeetCode

---

## 🌟 Let's Connect
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyabrata-roy-947ba3304/) | [Twitter](https://x.com/Priyo8298966333)

Commit message:

Add Day 35 problem and solution link to README

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Daily DSA Challenge

Welcome to my **Daily Coding Challenge**!  
I’m solving **1 LeetCode problem every day** to strengthen my **DSA & Java skills**.  
This repo contains all my solutions, explanations, and progress.

---

## ✅ Goals
- Solve at least **1 problem daily** on LeetCode.
- Learn patterns, optimize solutions, and write clean code.
- Build consistency and improve problem-solving skills.

---

## 📅 Progress Tracker

| Day   | Problem                                                                                  | Solution Link                                                                                      |
|-------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Day 1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                        | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/TwoSum.java)       |
| Day 2 | [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)                          | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/RemoveElement.java)|
| Day 3 | [Span Of Array](https://youtu.be/8erugyv3WDA?si=UT1yyqQUL1gdURJ0)                        | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/SpanOfArray.java)  |
| Day 4 | [Find An Element In The Array](https://youtu.be/awuSQW2F0AM?si=wjRKJfWEzZSDFCoz)          | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/FindElementInArray.java)|
| Day 5 | [BarChart](https://youtu.be/85gIj4eBdBA?si=GKISVpse5eXYivZj)                             | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/BarChart.java)     |
| Day 6 | [Sum Of Two Arrays](https://youtu.be/aSb29e8OoZs?si=CiOuj2Yf8V0d88SM)                    | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/SumOfTwoArrays.java)|
| Day 7 | [Difference Of Two Arrays](https://youtu.be/LQom9iFG1F0?si=2jS2mTwjOmRqa6Ci)             | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/DifferenceOfTwoArrays.java) |
| Day 8 | Revised All Previous Q                                                                   | Revised All Previous Q                                                                             |
| Day 9 | [Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Numbers_With_Even_NumberOfDigits.java) |
| Day 10| [Richest Customer Wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/description) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Richest_Customer_Wealth.java) |
| Day 11| Order Agnostic Binary Search                                                             | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/OrderAgnosticBinarySearch.java) |
| Day 12| [Remove Duplicates From Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArray.java) |
| Day 13| Ceiling Of A Number                                                                      | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/CellingOfANumber.java) |
| Day 14| [Find Smallest Letter Greater Than Target](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-letter-greater-than-target/description) <br> Floor Of A Number | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Smallest_Letter_Greater_Than_target.java) <br> [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/FloorOfANumber.java) |
| Day 15 | [Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/description) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_First_And_Last_Position_Of_Element_In_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 16 | [Find Position in Infinite Sorted Array](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dsa/find-position-element-sorted-array-infinite-numbers/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Finding_No_On_Infinite_Array.java) |
| Day 17 | [Peak Index in a Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Peak_Index_in_Mountain_Array.java) |
| Day 18 | [ Find in Mountain Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-in-mountain-array/description) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/FindInMountainArray.java) |
| Day 19 | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Search_In_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 20 | [Rotation Count in a Rotated Sorted array](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dsa/find-rotation-count-rotated-sorted-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Rotation_Count_in_a_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 21 | Search In Rotated Sorted Array With Duplicate Elements | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Search_In_Rotated_Sorted_Array_With_Duplicate_Elements.java) |
| Day 22 | [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Search_Insert_Position.java) |
| Day 23 | [First Bad Version](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/First_Bad_Version.java) |
| Day 24 | [Valid Perfect Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-square/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Valid_Perfect_Square.java) |
| Day 25 | [Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Sqrt_x.java) |
| Day 26 | [Find Peak Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Peak_Element.java) |
| Day 27 | [Count Hills and Valleys in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-hills-and-valleys-in-an-array/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Count_Hill_Valley.java) |
| Day 28 | [Split Array Largest Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-array-largest-sum/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Split_Array_Largest_Sum.java) |
| Day 29 | [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Arrays/Find_Minimum_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array.java) |
| Day 30 | [Search a 2D Matrix II](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix-ii/description/) | [Soluion](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/BinarySearchIn2DArray/A_RowWiseAndColumnWiseSortedArray.java) |
| Day 31 | [Search a 2D Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/BinarySearchIn2DArray/B_SearchInASortedMatrix.java) |
| Day 32 | [BubbleSort,Selection Sort,Insertion Sort] | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/tree/main/Sorting) |
| Day 33 | [Cyclic Sort] | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Sorting/D_Cyclic_Sort.java) |
| Day 34 | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Sorting/D1_Missing_Number.java) |
| Day 35 | [Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/PriyabrataRoy/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Sorting/D2_Find_Disappeared_Numbers.java) |
                  
---

## 💻 Tech Stack
- **Language:** Java
- **Platform:** LeetCode

---

## 🌟 Let's Connect
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyabrata-roy-947ba3304/) | [Twitter](https://x.com/Priyo8298966333)
